five kilometers away Saba is searching
for the rest of the pride she's
desperate to find out how the young
lionesses are managing without NAB oh oh
look have nine darling look to see the
female there yeah as a lioness
it's not exciting yeah this is where
they really really really like to come
you won't see the Cubs yeah what if we
wait here maybe they'll come and you
know who she is she's part of their
family oh she's that auntie look look
look she's seen something maybe she look
peasant and Polly see those Impala
coming down to the river there and she's
digging out that in between
she sand she's thinking that's exactly
where she wants him to go so that she
can try to catch them she's coming she's
coming
look she's trotting towards us now you
see how she's coming up near the edge of
the riverbank
oh she's stalking she's going super
slowly because she doesn't want anything
to see her
so I'm gonna get up ahead of it being my
obsession see the guinea fellows on that
all alum they're telling the other
animals that the line is here all making
no alarm call she's got it
look look look look Saba wants to teach
the girls about the realities of life
and death in the bush she said she's
gonna be so tired after this cuz you
know she's doing this all on her own
it's not amazing for this to happen
right in front of us now with the three
kids in the car when we least expecting
it is seriously amazing
it's great news for neighbors family
this lioness has proved to be a
phenomenal hunter able to bring down
large prey on her own she's been well
taught by her mother and will pass on
the same skills to the Cubs now Bo's
grandchildren will be fine
you